pages/resources/skills.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: RSE Skills
permalink: /resources/skills/
subtitle: Skillsets used by RSEs
---

The following is a list of skills that an RSE might possess. The US-RSE Education and Training Group maintains and publishes this list in an effort to better define RSE roles and to help direct individuals looking to invest in learning new skills. An RSE typically has experience with a subset of these skills. This list is not intended to define what an RSE should know, but rather as a list that can be used to create a profile or job description by choosing relevant skills. This list is also not comprehensive. If you have additions, please contact the Training and Education Working Group.

## Software Development
  - Requirements Gathering/Analysis/Formulation
  - Technology Evaluation
  - Packaging/Releasing
  - Programming/Implementation
    - Programming
    - Software Architecture
    - Cross-Platform Development
    - Maintenance
        - Bug Fixing
        - Version Upgrades
  - Use of Version Control Systems (e.g. Git, Mercurial, etc.)
  - Testing
  - Distributed Systems
    - Cloud Computing
    - Grid Computing
  - Client-Server Architectures/Web Applications
    - Frontend
        - Frameworks
        - User Experience (UX)
        - Testing
    - Backend
    - Web Services (API Development)
  - Desktop Applications
  - Embedded Systems/Software
  - Real-Time Systems Software

## User Interface
  - UX Design
  - Graphic Design

## Areas of CS
  - Algorithm
     - Development
     - Evaluation
  - Framework Development
  - Formal Languages and Automata Theory
  - Logic
  - Randomness
  - Geometry and Discrete Structures
  - Semantics and Reasoning
  - Agent-based Modeling
  - Artificial Intelligence
     - Machine Learning (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, etc.)
  - Computer Vision
  - Information Retrieval
  - Data Mining
  - High Performance Computing
  - Signal Detection/Processing
  - Cryptography
      - Blockchain
  - Compiler Construction/Design
  - GPU Programming
  - Scientific Computing
  - Computer Networking
  - Operating Systems

## Domain-specific topics
  - Geographic Information System (GIS)
  - Bioinformatics
  - Industrial Control Systems
  - Simulation

## Around Software
  - Project Management
  - Software Aspects
     - Interoperability
     - Quality
     - Performance
     - Reliability
     - Fault Tolerance
     - Safety
     - Usability
  - Operating
     - System Administration
     - Incident Response
     - Continuous Integration/Deployment
     - DevOps
     - Containerization
  - Process Development (Best Practices, Software Quality, etc.)
  - Code review
  - Support
    - End-User Support
    - Contributor Support
    - Maintenance of Support Systems
  - Documentation
    - Developer Documentation
    - End-User Documentation
    - Reports (Stats, Progress Reports, etc.)

## Data Management Systems/Information Storage Systems
  - Database Design and Models
      - Relational
      - NoSQL
      - Document Repositories
  - Data Structures
  - Query Languages
  - Database Administration

## Data
  - Data Visualization
  - Data Management
  - Data Analysis

## People-Related
  - People Management
  - Technical Leadership
  - Software Advertising
  - Software Feedback Gathering
  - Training
     - Teaching
     - Consulting
     - Mentoring
     - Pair Programming
  - Funding/Grants
     - Communication
     - Reporting
     - Grant Writing
  - Networking/Communication
     - Stakeholders
     - Collaborators
     - Users
     - General Public

## Research Output
  - Presentation of Results (e.g. Meetings, Workshops, Conferences, etc.)
  - Scientific Writing

## Community
  - Lobbying
  - Open Source Development

## Other
  - Domain-Specific Knowledge
    - Domains according to DFG.de (http://dfg.de/)
    - Domains according to Nature (https://www.nature.com/srep/browse-subjects)
  - Statistical Methods
  - Use of Analysis Software
  - Other Tasks as Assigned

Commit message:

Added some more intro and "table of contents" to skills list
also removed it from main menu.

pages/resources/skills.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: RSE Skills
permalink: /resources/skills/
subtitle: Skillsets used by RSEs
---

The following is a list of skills that an RSE might possess. The US-RSE Education and Training Group maintains and publishes this list in an effort to better define RSE roles and to help direct individuals looking to invest in learning new skills. An RSE typically has experience with a subset of these skills. This list is not intended to define what an RSE should know, but rather as a list that can be used to create a profile or job description by choosing relevant skills. This list is also not comprehensive. If you have additions, please contact the Training and Education Working Group.

The list was originally developed as part of the 2nd International RSE Leaders Workshop held in  2020. It is based off of the analysis of several job postings as well as crowed sourced.

This list has the following categories:
- [Software Development](#software-development)
- [User Interface](#user-interface)
- [Areas of CS](#areas-of-cs)
- [Domain-Specific Topics](#domain-specific-topics)
- [Around Software](#around-software)
- [Data Management Systems/Information Storage Systems](#data-management-systemsinformation-storage-systems)
- [Data](#data)
- [People-Related](#people-related)
- [Research Output](#research-output)
- [Community](#community)
- [Other](#other)


### Software Development
  - Requirements Gathering/Analysis/Formulation
  - Technology Evaluation
  - Packaging/Releasing
  - Programming/Implementation
    - Programming
    - Software Architecture
    - Cross-Platform Development
    - Maintenance
        - Bug Fixing
        - Version Upgrades
  - Use of Version Control Systems (e.g. Git, Mercurial, etc.)
  - Testing
  - Peer Code Review
  - Distributed Systems
    - Cloud Computing
    - Grid Computing
  - Client-Server Architectures/Web Applications
    - Frontend
        - Frameworks
        - User Experience (UX)
        - Testing
    - Backend
    - Web Services (API Development)
  - Desktop Applications
  - Embedded Systems/Software
  - Real-Time Systems Software

### User Interface
  - UX Design
  - Graphic Design

### Areas of CS
  - Algorithm
     - Development
     - Evaluation
  - Framework Development
  - Formal Languages and Automata Theory
  - Logic
  - Randomness
  - Geometry and Discrete Structures
  - Semantics and Reasoning
  - Agent-based Modeling
  - Artificial Intelligence
     - Machine Learning (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, etc.)
  - Computer Vision
  - Information Retrieval
  - Data Mining
  - High Performance Computing
  - Signal Detection/Processing
  - Cryptography
      - Blockchain
  - Compiler Construction/Design
  - GPU Programming
  - Scientific Computing
  - Computer Networking
  - Operating Systems

### Domain-Specific Topics
  - Geographic Information System (GIS)
  - Bioinformatics
  - Industrial Control Systems
  - Simulation

### Around Software
  - Project Management
  - Software Aspects
     - Interoperability
     - Quality
     - Performance
     - Reliability
     - Fault Tolerance
     - Safety
     - Usability
  - Operating
     - System Administration
     - Incident Response
     - Continuous Integration/Deployment
     - DevOps
     - Containerization
  - Process Development (Best Practices, Software Quality, etc.)
  - Support
    - End-User Support
    - Contributor Support
    - Maintenance of Support Systems
  - Documentation
    - Developer Documentation
    - End-User Documentation
    - Reports (Stats, Progress Reports, etc.)

### Data Management Systems/Information Storage Systems
  - Database Design and Models
      - Relational
      - NoSQL
      - Document Repositories
  - Data Structures
  - Query Languages
  - Database Administration

### Data
  - Data Visualization
  - Data Management
  - Data Analysis

### People-Related
  - People Management
  - Technical Leadership
  - Software Advertising
  - Software Feedback Gathering
  - Training
     - Teaching
     - Consulting
     - Mentoring
     - Pair Programming
  - Funding/Grants
     - Communication
     - Reporting
     - Grant Writing
  - Networking/Communication
     - Stakeholders
     - Collaborators
     - Users
     - General Public

### Research Output
  - Presentation of Results (e.g. Meetings, Workshops, Conferences, etc.)
  - Scientific Writing

### Community
  - Lobbying
  - Open Source Development

### Other
  - Domain-Specific Knowledge
    - Domains according to DFG.de (http://dfg.de/)
    - Domains according to Nature (https://www.nature.com/srep/browse-subjects)
  - Statistical Methods
  - Use of Analysis Software
  - Other Tasks as Assigned
