pages/resources/training.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: RSE Training Resources
permalink: /resources/training/
subtitle: A Developing List of Useful Links to Learn Research Software Engineering
---

The US-RSE Education & Training Working Group has started an effort to compile a list of
useful videos, tutorials, and other training materials well suited for learning Research Software Engineering topics. The material ranges from beginner up through and including advanced topics.
An incomplete list is below.
We expect this list to grow significantly in both content and usability.
These links are provided as a service to the US Research Software Engineer community.
While we have made every effort to ensure these have been reviewed and vetted for applicability and appropritness, US-RSE does not formally endorse any content below.

_Additions to this list or general comments/questions should be directed to the [US-RSE Training and Education Working Group]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/working-groups/)._



## Curated Lists, Collections, and Multi-Topic Courses/Books
These sites have multiple RSE-related links, potentially on a number of topics.
Rather than reporoduce, we list them here:

| Audience | Style | Domain | Type | Title |
| -------- | ----- | ------ | ---- | ----- |
| Beginner | Collection | SE | Tutorial | [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/) |
| Intermediate | Collection | SE | Links | [INTERSECT](https://intersect-training.github.io/training-links/) |
| Intermediate |	Collection |	SE | Tutorial |	[The Programming Historian](https://programminghistorian.org/) |
| Beginner -> Advanced | EBook | SE | Book | [Research Software Engineering with Python](https://merely-useful.github.io/py-rse/index.html) |

### Individual Lectures, Tutorials, and Videos

| Audience | Style | Domain | Type | Title |
| -------- | ----- | ------ | ---- | ----- |
| Beginner | Mathematical | Math | Lecture | [3Blue1Brown](https://www.3blue1brown.com/) |
| Beginner | Examples | CS | Lecture | [Intro to Unix](https://vimeo.com/279273125) |
| Beginner | Examples | SE | Lecture | [Intro to Vim](https://vimeo.com/279277260) |
| Beginner | Examples | SE | Lecture | [Intro to Git](https://vimeo.com/279287047) |
| Beginner | Visual | CS | Lecture | [Intro to Fortran](https://vimeo.com/279286109) |
| Beginner | Visual | CS | Lecture | [Intro to C](https://vimeo.com/279284053) |
| Beginner | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to Batch Scheduler](https://vimeo.com/279278776) |
| Intermediate | Visual | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to Parallel Computing](https://vimeo.com/279288481) |
| Intermediate | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to MPI](https://vimeo.com/279313080) |
| Intermediate | Auditory | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Nvidia Basics](https://vimeo.com/371964454) |
| Intermediate | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [CUDA Tutorial](https://www.olcf.ornl.gov/cuda-training-series/) |

Commit message:

Added link to skills list from trainings page.

pages/resources/training.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: RSE Training Resources
permalink: /resources/training/
subtitle: A Developing List of Useful Links to Learn Research Software Engineering
---

The US-RSE Education & Training Working Group has started an effort to compile a list of
useful videos, tutorials, and other training materials well suited for learning Research Software Engineering topics. The material ranges from beginner up through and including advanced topics.
An incomplete list is below.
We expect this list to grow significantly in both content and usability.
These links are provided as a service to the US Research Software Engineer community.
While we have made every effort to ensure these have been reviewed and vetted for applicability and appropriateness, US-RSE does not formally endorse any content below.

The US-RSE Education and Training Group also maintains and publishes a list of skills an RSE might possess in an effort to better define RSE roles and to help direct individuals looking to invest in learning new skills. The list can be found on the [Skill Sets used by RSEs]({{ site.baseurl }}/resources/training/skills/) page.

_Additions to this list or general comments/questions should be directed to the [US-RSE Training and Education Working Group]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/working-groups/)._



## Curated Lists, Collections, and Multi-Topic Courses/Books
These sites have multiple RSE-related links, potentially on a number of topics.
Rather than reporoduce, we list them here:

| Audience | Style | Domain | Type | Title |
| -------- | ----- | ------ | ---- | ----- |
| Beginner | Collection | SE | Tutorial | [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/lessons/) |
| Intermediate | Collection | SE | Links | [INTERSECT](https://intersect-training.github.io/training-links/) |
| Intermediate |	Collection |	SE | Tutorial |	[The Programming Historian](https://programminghistorian.org/) |
| Beginner -> Advanced | EBook | SE | Book | [Research Software Engineering with Python](https://merely-useful.github.io/py-rse/index.html) |

### Individual Lectures, Tutorials, and Videos

| Audience | Style | Domain | Type | Title |
| -------- | ----- | ------ | ---- | ----- |
| Beginner | Mathematical | Math | Lecture | [3Blue1Brown](https://www.3blue1brown.com/) |
| Beginner | Examples | CS | Lecture | [Intro to Unix](https://vimeo.com/279273125) |
| Beginner | Examples | SE | Lecture | [Intro to Vim](https://vimeo.com/279277260) |
| Beginner | Examples | SE | Lecture | [Intro to Git](https://vimeo.com/279287047) |
| Beginner | Visual | CS | Lecture | [Intro to Fortran](https://vimeo.com/279286109) |
| Beginner | Visual | CS | Lecture | [Intro to C](https://vimeo.com/279284053) |
| Beginner | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to Batch Scheduler](https://vimeo.com/279278776) |
| Intermediate | Visual | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to Parallel Computing](https://vimeo.com/279288481) |
| Intermediate | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Intro to MPI](https://vimeo.com/279313080) |
| Intermediate | Auditory | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [Nvidia Basics](https://vimeo.com/371964454) |
| Intermediate | Examples | HPC/Parallel Computing | Lecture | [CUDA Tutorial](https://www.olcf.ornl.gov/cuda-training-series/) |
